hi guys today I'm going to be making a
Dutch apple cake using Bob's Red Mill
all-purpose flour this is going to be
the first time I've tried it with the
gluten-free flour I have a busy kitchen
today I've got a rotisserie chicken
roasting in my set and forget it
so I don't have a very big kitchen so
I'm short on space but we're going to
show the simulation I'll put all the
measurements down below I'm going to be
using my KitchenAid mixer to the fries
and shortening and sugar now I'm going
to add one egg I measured out all my dry
ingredients into a bowl and I used it
wire whisk to incorporate them in this
bowl I have gluten-free flour baking
powder xanthan gum and salt the egg has
been combined with the shortening and
sugar I used a spatula to scrape it down
a couple times I'm now going to add the
dry ingredients I'm going to add some
milk and vanilla turn this on low to
start to mix it I'm going to beat my
dough for two minutes
press your batter into an 8x8 pan that
has been greased I used any spatula but
some water on it to help spread it out
you will even need one large apple or
two small apples you want to peel them
core them and slice them thinly place
your apples and single layers on top of
the batter I mixed together in a small
ball some cinnamon nutmeg and sugar
sprinkled each spices over the apples
now you're going to take some butter
about a tablespoon cut it into little
packs and just place it on top on cheese
I'm now going to bake the cake in a 350
degree preheated oven for approximately
20 to 30 minutes it took approximately
35 to 40 minutes for it to bake I used a
cake tester to make sure that it came
out clean the butter helps to give it a
nice caramelized look I want to let it
cool off before I slice it I sliced a
little piece so you can see what it
looks like on the inside it has a really
nice soft cake and the best thing is it
tastes really good I'm really happy that
I've been able to convert one of my
recipes use some gluten-free flour